Fix Iframe.Credentialless documentation. (#23351)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

- {{htmlattrdef("credentialless")}} {{Experimental_Inline}} {{Non-standard_Inline}}

>   - : Set to `true` to make the `<iframe>` credentialless, meaning that its content will be loaded in a new, ephemeral context. It doesn't not have access to the network, cookies and storage data associated with its origin. The context is a new one, local to the current top-level document lifetime. In return, the {{httpheader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} (COEP) embedding rules can be lifted, so documents with COEP set can embed third-party documents that do not. See [IFrame credentialless](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/IFrame_credentialless) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Set to `true` to make the `<iframe>` credentialless, meaning that its content will be loaded in a new, ephemeral context. It doesn't have access to the network, cookies, and storage data associated with its origin. It uses a new context local to the top-level document lifetime. In return, the {{httpheader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} (COEP) embedding rules can be lifted, so documents with COEP set can embed third-party documents that do not. See [IFrame credentialless](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/IFrame_credentialless) for more details.
```
